# Overview
This project took around 6 hours of work each week day, and about 3 hours on the weekend. What is present here in this repository was what I was able to finish within the time I was given. Not everything I wanted to put into the game, whether it be a lack of time or a lack of ideas. In the times where I had no idea what to do next, a bunch of bug fixing and optimization happened. That's the thing with games, there is always going to be something you find that could be improved. In this file, I will go through everything I worked on, week by week.

## Week 1
The first week was used to get the minimum viable product, and my MVP would be getting the player character and one enemy to work well enough to where you could be able to play some form of the game. I'd say the biggest challenge of this week was getting the camera to behave the way it's supposed to. After trying (and failing) to set it up without looking up a tutorial, I eventual found a way to have it work perfectly for the time being. In the next week I found that the camera setup I had caused it's own problems. I wasn't too woried about any bugs at this point, I just wanted to get an enemy character that had a very basic AI that moved toward the player. It surprised me how little this AI had changed in the end. The end of the week saw me begin work on the shop area, but at the time it was little more than the floor and a shop counter that didn't function.

## Week 2
This week I began to work on the gameplay and level progression. I continued the work on the shop, and all the changes to the shop would remain until the final Monday. More detail on that later. This was also when I went all-out with the user interface, with shop menus, title screens, and a pause menu with the player's inventory. Other big developments involved the addition of a boss character. This was so much more complicated than the regular enemies. Not only were there more attacks I had to program the AI to use, but the AI itself had to majorly improve for this character to work properly. What I ended up with was slightly awkward but functional, and that was good enough at the time. This week also saw the beginning of the save system, though it was buggy and unreliable.

## Week 3
This was the week where things started to fall into place. This was the week where I added 4 more enemy types - 2 regular and 2 bosses - and overhauled the UI to both give more information and look cleaner. Along with this UI update came a minimap. This minimap was just a subviewport window connect to a camera looking straight down at the player. I also expanded upon the save system, switching to a different file type and fixing all bugs that came with it. The title menu had 2 more options, a music player and an options menu. The options menu only had a fullscreen toggle at that point, and opening the options menu would drop the framerate below 20 frames per second.

## Final Week
First things first, fix the option menu framerate. This was simple as moving the code that toggles the fullscreen to only be called when the option is switched on or off. While I was working on this, I figured that I should add other options. I then added resolution settings to the options menu. This week I spent much of the time splitting the shop into two distinct areas, one for items and one for abilities. I also fixed the enemy spawn to make sure the don't spawn inside of eachother. Due to the abreviated length of the week, this was all I could finish at this time
